===== PAGE 0001 =====

DEFINITIONS OF NATURE & ITS PHENOMENA
       WITH A PRIMER ON COSMOLOGY & ONTOLOGY
                                                   Copyright 12-2020 Ken L Wheeler

                           Any donation welcome if you like this booklet at paypal: kenw111@insightbb.com
                 https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=BDZ3G8SJ4ABT4
                                  PATREON: https://www.patreon.com/angryphotographer
                            My bitcoin address is: bc1qrkqaykwr3ulpa8qqetuw7qn0gstem0gy9fpf0p

AETHER/ETHER
   The Ether is pure potential. Non-Cartesian counterspatial inertia. The essence of all field modalities. The attribute of the Ether is
the Aoristos Dyad (so-called indefinite dyad or attribute of the Absolute). Only two foundations of cosmic foundations have ever been
postulated; one being the Ether, the other an impossibility for which observed phenomena say is false, that being Atomism. Ether is
the antecedent subject we loosely call energy, or pure potential from which, by which, and of which all things are possible. All matter
and atoms are compounded Ether condensates, or ultra-high energy light compounds.

“Light is a longitudinal disturbance in the Ether…Light is a ‘sound wave’ in the Ether”- Tesla

   “This medium of propagation, the Ether must exist. This medium must be a prominent thought in our investigations” Treatise on
Electricity and Magnetism – J.C. Maxwell

“There appears to be in the minds of these (supposed) eminent men, some prejudice, or a priori object against the hypothesis of a
medium (the Ether) in which the phenomena of light, electrical actions at a distance take place…the existence of a medium in which
light is propagated. But in all these theories (the insane Atomistic ones) the question naturally occurs: If something is transmitted
from one particle to another at distance, what is the condition of it after it has left one particle and before it reaches another? If this
something is the potential energy of the two particles, as in Neumann’s theory, how are we to conceive of this energy existing in a
point of space, coinciding with neither one particle nor the other? In fact, whenever energy is transmitted from one body to another in
time, there must be a medium or substance in which the energy exists after it leaves one body before it reaches the other, for energy, as
Torricelli remarked, is a ‘quintessence of so subtle a nature that it cannot be contained in ANY vessel except in the inmost substance
of a thing (counterspace/ dielectricity, the Ether)’…” – J.C. Maxwell Treatise on Electricity and Magnetism vol. II

“It is inconceivable that inanimate Matter should, without the mediation of something else, which is not material, operate upon, and
affect other matter without mutual contact. Gravity should be innate, inherent and essential to matter, so that one body may act upon
another at a distance thru a vacuum, without the mediation of any thing else, by and through which their action and course may be
conveyed from one to another, is to me so great an absurdity that I believe no man who has in philosophical matters a competent
faculty of thinking can ever fall into (for) it. Gravity must be caused by an agent acting constantly according to certain laws; but
whether this agent be material or immaterial, I have left to the consideration of my readers.” - Sir Isaac Newton, Letters to Bentley,
1692

“The single greatest fear you can instill in any relativist or materialists is to ask them to define a field, gravitational, magnetic,
dielectric, or electric. The thousand pound gorilla in the room of relativity is that action action-reactions and atomic operations are
mediated by and thru a field which no relativist can or dare define. All fields are the Ether. All fields are modalities of the Ether
without exception. Any conception of action at a distance without an Ether field as mediator is illogical, senseless, and impossible.” –
Ken W.

ATOMISM
    Atomism is a pseudo-religious belief system of materialism/particle-hierarchy born from Democritus and some others since ancient
times. Current belief systems of unreality such as relativity and quantum are just rebadged Atomism. Atomism at its core is pure base
and vile materialism which both ignores and rejects to define all which is, that being the terms field and energy. Likewise, the
rejection of Atomism is not the rejection of particles in the atomic nucleus, rather the irrational belief system of Atomism which
cannot define a field, or energy, and assumes all reactions are either colliding particles or ‘warped space-time’, of which this position
is both illogical, impossible, senseless and not supported in observed phenomenon. Only two foundations of ultimate reality have ever
been forwarded since the dawn of time; one being the Ether, the other being Atomism.
    Rational physics exists only due to metaphysical principles, and as such Atomism/Materialism is an intellectually bankrupt belief
system lacking in wisdom, common sense and utterly rejected by the full spectrum all of history’s persons of wisdom. Also
Atomism/Quantum is humorously called the ‘cult of bumping particles’, and concept reification fallacies such as (loved by Hollywood
and science fiction) ‘curved/warped space-time’. Nikola Tesla vociferously spoke against this insanity at great length.

“The scientists of today think deeply instead of clearly. One must be sane to think clearly, but one can think deeply and be quite
insane.” – N. Tesla

===== PAGE 0002 =====

BLACK HOLE
    A black hole is a special cosmic field-state in which dielectric capacitance has completely overthrown the spatial attribute of
magnetism, for which all mass has magnitude alone solely due to magnetism alone. In short a black hole is a giant mass which is or
has become a point source object (like a magnet, or pulsar/quasar) and upon which all magnitude (=magnetism) has erased the super-
mass from the Cartesian cosmos. The name for this is wrong (nearly as wrong as so-called scalar waves which contain no waves!)
however, a ‘black hole’ is not a hole, nor is it black. Black is a color and this phenomenon has no color whatsoever. Likewise a hole
implies space has properties, which it does not. Black holes (see NUCLEAL PARTICLE) are the universes great matter recyclers,
since they emit trillions of tons of hydrogen (a proton and its dynamo effect is hydrogen) in the phenomenon of galactic jets around
their polarity/poles along the axis of gyromagnetic precession.
    The notion of a giant mass without magnitude is hard to grasp in simple human minds since they have no parallels here on earth,
however a black hole is both simplex and hyper-logical when any person grasps the conjugate nature of the dielectric and magnetism,
for in an AC circuit, the higher the voltage (= dielectric), the more the AC lines come together, and the more the amperage
(=magnetism), the more the AC lines spread apart. Under nearly all conventions of mass and energy these ‘mutually antagonistic’
fields are matched more or less, whereas in a black hole’s instance the dielectric has utterly and absolutely dominated magnetism’s
ability to keep said super-mass “in the visible universe” whereby which we have a super-mass with no magnitudinous presence in the
visible realm of ordinary mass as we are accustomed,
    If we could increase, for example, a magnet the size of the moon to countless powers of greater gauss ratings, it would
spontaneously vanish from the visible universe, but its dielectric acceleration phenomena (‘gravity’) would still be 100% present. The
image below is a view of a very powerful N55 gauss magnet under the supercell, as you can see its black center (dielectric portal) is
many times larger than a typical N40 magnet because a magnets power does not imply “more magnetism” rather more dielectric, and
this is likewise why very powerful magnets have relatively small spatial magnetic fields around them. Likewise this is why a weaker
magnet has a larger by volume magnetic field around itself. The fundamental conceptual flaw of all humanity is that it wrongly thinks
a magnet = magnetism and a powerful magnet “equals more magnetism” etc.; and this is far less than half the story. A magnet is a
dielectric point-source object of which humans are merely fascinated by the “magnetic field around the magnet”. This is no different
than a child entranced by a puppet show who cannot see the human pulling the strings and making the show. Magnetism, is the
puppet, but the real show and “engine” of any and all magnets (dielectric point source objects) is the dielectric.
    In the case of a black hole, the physical puppet of mass and matter has been swallowed whole by the puppeteer (dielectric), the
puppet is still present, but has vanished from this world of magnitude. Magnitude is the attribute of magnetism, and magnitude is
synonymous with space itself, which is the byproduct of a divergent magnetic field. Nobody can grasp the mechanics of the cosmos
without fully understanding the conjugate pair of the dielectric and magnetic, one being the geometry of counterspace, the other the
geometry of space; a black hole is merely an object utterly decimated by counterspace.

===== PAGE 0003 =====

C (assumed ‘speed’ of light)
   C is the rate of induction or propagation of an EMR field with a transverse component(s); as meant a coumpound field, or light.
The refractive index of an EMR circuit of power is proportional to its frequency. This is the hysteresis of the Ether as against the EMR
circuit of light. C likewise is always proportional to the medium in which the disturbance is manifesting. Light is not an emission,
light does not move, nor is light a particle, nor a wave, nor a duality. Speed always assumes to any being that ‘X’ is moving from point
A to B, but light is not moving whatsoever, this is both impossible and to assume as much breaks the law of conservation of energy in
countless observations of luminal interactions (water, glass etc.).
   All assumed velocity is in fact actually the rate of induction of the medium as against Ether hysteresis. C, contrary to the minds of
most, is both not fixed and countless examples (Tesla coil dielectric, Cherenkov radiation etc.) exist of rates of induction “speeds”
much faster than C. Steinmetz said that C is the relationship between luminal velocity and electrostatic capacitance.

CAPACITANCE
   Atomistic false belief that inductance and capacitance is the ‘storage of electrons’ is a pure farce; capacitance is of a dielectric
medium, such as transformer oil, glass, air, etc, under the influence of dielectric induction. In the Leyden jar experiment it is well
proven that there is no charge whatsoever in the metal jar or rod, rather in the glass medium. In simplex, all reflective medium (mostly
metals) are dielectric reflectors whereas all clear medium such as glass, oil, air etc. are dielectric capacitors. Below is an image of a
glass capacitor. Capacitance is the threshold a medium is able to absorb of units of dielectric induction before discharge.


CENTRIFUGAL / CENTRIPETAL
   Centrifugal divergence is the force and motion vectors of magnetism towards the creation of magnitude and space as seen in fields,
nature, growth & nearly all natural phenomenon. Centripetal convergence is the inertia and acceleration vectors of the dielectric
towards counterspace. Also see the term VORTEX. All of nature from micro to macro, weather phenomena, galaxies and so on form
these inverse pressure geometries of simplex pressure mediation where force is either generated or canceled but almost always
mutually both simultaneously.

===== PAGE 0004 =====

===== PAGE 0005 =====

CONDUCTOR
   A conductor is a field form guide or geometry which directs the flow of energy, usually electricity. The relation between the
magnetic and dielectric is magnetism is parallel to the conductor and the dielectric perpendicular to the conducting surface. All
conductive materials are classed relational to their magnetic permeability and dielectric permittivity. A so-called ‘superconductor’ in
fact is nothing more than (ceramic in most cases) an object with near zero magnetic permeability, or is supra-dielectric as such.

CONJUGATE FIELD
    The conjugate field (see images below) refers to the dielectric and magnetic respectively. The most important fact of the cosmos, of
field theory and of totality is the principle of force and motion (magnetism) and inertia and acceleration (dielectric). This ‘yin and
yang’ conjugate pair explains the totality of the universe both in whole and in part if fully understood. It is likewise important to grasp
the right hand rule which is little more complex than saying field pressure mediation whereby which, for example in one object, fields
must ‘flight’ to rest at their lowest pressure points, and as you can see below, the red lines are the divergent lines which if expanded
would form a torus of magnetism, and the green arrows and ovals the dielectric which in fullness would form a hyperboloid. The wide
white oval in the middle is the plane of inertia which is the lowest pressure rest geometry ‘away’ from the magnetic and the dielectric
flux and reflux. This is also, in a magnet, the boundary between so-called “magnetic poles” and the center of which is counterspace
where no magnetism can be measured at all. All life exists at the plane of inertia, which is 90 degrees from the dielectric and 45
degrees from the magnetic (on average). The white circle at center is counterspace, is the inverse of all fields, the axle pin of the hands
of the clock, the unmoved mover or axle at the center of the wheel of becoming, or counterspace, i.e. the Ether itself.
    Everything operates off of field pressure mediation. Nature works this way always and only. The black and white image bottom is
from C.P. Steinmetz and is a cross section of an electrical circuit. It is also the conjugate field geometries of the dielectric shown in
dotted lines and the magnetic in increasing circles (a cross section of a torus) superimposed over the hyperboloid
    This is very important, that being, the hyperboloid of the dielectric is the negative image (or inverse image) of a torus (doughnut
shaped geometry), and the torus of magnetism is the negative image of a hyperboloid (hourglass shaped geometry).

===== PAGE 0006 =====

COUNTERSPACE
   (See Ether/Aether) Also accurately called the Ether-realm, zero-point energy/realm, or simply the Ether/Aether. The ‘realm’ of
pure potential or unmanifest energy of which, by which, and from which nothing is possible or even theoretically potential without
same. Counterspace is the null-‘point’ opposite to Cartesian forms, masses, magnitudes, and phenomena. There are only two
dimensions in nature, spatial and counterspatial, or more accurately dimensional and non-dimensional. Ether modalities are only so
known by the fact they are torsional or circular (dielectric and magnetic).

===== PAGE 0007 =====

DARK MATTER
   A term invented by Quantum/Relativity to refer to the Ether. By their own admission they call it dark matter because it’s a
complete unknown (dark) to them, and finally ‘matter’ because they think everything is matter/atoms. To a hammer everything is a
nail, and to an Atomist, everything is matter. In short, so-called ‘dark matter’ is a cryptic euphemism used to get around mention of
the Ether which even the priests of Quantum admit is at least 70% of the universe if not more.

DIELECTRIC
   The primary half of the conjugate field modalities of the dielectric and the magnetic field. The inertial (capacitance, energy) or
dielectric torsional, and lastly the circular magnetic. Dielectric is the capacitance potential of counterspace. Dielectric loss is defined
as magnetism, increasing potential terminating towards and into counterspace is so defined as increasing of the dielectric inductance
or charge. The smaller the space, the higher the dielectric, or capacitance. Space is the attribute of the magnetic which itself is the
absence of, or discharge of the dielectric. Counterspace is the medium of the dielectric which is the presence of the Ether under
torsion, or as meant dielectric charge.
   The so-called electron is merely one unit of dielectric inductance as so conceptualized by Atomistic ignorance. J.J. Thomson
considered the electron the terminal end of one unit line of dielectric induction. The dielectric manifests from and vanishes into
counterspace, whereas magnetism manifests space itself, which while having no properties, has the attribute of magnitude & the
measure of time, or lag. The plane of inertia is the dielectric 45 degrees from magnetic flux and 90 degrees from gyromagnetic
precession where force is inverted to increasing potential, or counterspace, the terminal of the dielectric. The dielectric is Ether under
torsion, the magnetic is Ether under polarization, which is ultimately true field holography and that which gives mass and magnitude
to all things.

===== PAGE 0008 =====

Dielectric and Magnetic are the dimensionalities and conjugate pair of the total expression of fields, the versors or metrical
intermediaries of the conjugate fields; which are time and space or respectively measure, lag, torsion and volume.
 So-called scalar waves (which ironically contain no wave-phenomena) and Tesla’s “death ray” are all high voltage dielectric
phenomena. Instead of cycles per unit of time, such energy beams are measured in voltage per second. The dielectric is the torsional
attribute of energy (or the Agathon), whereas magnetism is the release of that torsional energy and therefore its ‘mirage’ or projection.
    Dielectric is the inverse of force, the loss of the dielectric is force, or magnetism. Voltage is the dielectric, current is magnetism.
Dielectric has two modalities, in loss as so deemed magnetism, and lastly as torsional or cyclical energy as carried in tandem with
magnetism so deemed electricity and light.
    A dielectric is commonly referred to as a medium of dielectric inductance; most dielectric medium are clear/transparent.
An electromagnet works in simplex by terminating all dielectric inductance in transformation into that of magnetism. Or in another
manner of thought, by electricity losing its dielectric component.


ELECTRIC CURCUIT (CONJUGATE FIELD)

===== PAGE 0009 =====

Both the cross sections of a magnet and an AC electrical circuit are identical and illustrate the conjugate field vectors of the
magnetic and the dielectric, or respectively the torus and the hyperboloid. Study closely the images below of the field of a magnet
under a supercell and the diagram of C.P. Steinmetz of the electrical field. This is the conjugate geometry of force and motion, and
inertia and acceleration. Force towards magnitude and creation of space and Inertia towards force dissipation and increasing charge.

===== PAGE 0010 =====

ELECTRICITY
   Electricity is a circuit composed of the dielectric and magnetism. Or in other words a whole entity comprised of two constituents
for its existence. The dielectric induction voltage is always proportional to the rate of increase of the magnetic field, of which this is so
deemed the electric circuit; comprising these two field modalities, we have the conjugate pair. Magnetic times the dielectric = quantity
of electrification. Electricity is natures more simplex circuit and its own field conjugate phenomena allows electricity to propagate
without guiding wires etc. on its own; hence we have light.

   “Unfortunately to a large extent in dealing with dielectric fields the prehistoric conception of the electro-static charge, the
‘electron’, on the conductor still exists, and by its use destroys the analogy between the two components of the electric field, the
magnetic and dielectric. This makes the consideration of dielectric fields unnecessarily complicated” - C.P. Steinmetz
(Electric Discharges, Waves and Impulses)

ELECTRON
    Particle fantasy concept from Atomism. A terminal of electrostatic or dielectric induction is what is reified as an ‘electron’. A
fallacious atomistic conceptualization of charge carrying medium, or particles with no basis in reality. The phenomenon of the non-
existent electron in fact is the terminal of one unit of dielectric induction. Regarding J.J. Thomson’s concept of the "electron" (his own
discovery), Thomson considered the electron the terminal end of one unit line of dielectric induction.
    You cannot say that stretching a trillion rubber bands nailed to the floor and releasing them or breaking their “force lines” is the
“flow of electrons”; discharge is a terminal movement in systems of inductance or dielectric capacitance. There are no discrete
particles in the universe and certainly none that mediate charges, discharges, magnetism, electromagnetism, gravity, and radiation; this
belongs only to fields, which are all modalities of the Ether.
    The so-called ‘electrons’ are not particles, nor objects or subjects but are the dynamic principle of discharge, and are certainly not
charge-carriers; fields are not particles, nor are they “electrons”, nor assuredly are there energy discharges in the vacuum of space
involving ‘electrons’ not to mention that space is not a field terminal. The ‘electron’ is a fiction of fallacious observation and an even
more faulty mental acuity, spawned naturally from the minds of materialists, as meant Atomists. Electricity is the Ether in a state of
dynamic polarization; magnetism is Ether in a state of dynamic circular polarization upon itself, and is the radiative termination of
electrical discharge. Dielectricity is the Ether under stress or strain. The motions and strains of the Ether gives rise to electrification
whose unit is conceptualized incorrectly as an ‘electron’.

   Nikola Tesla November 1928 interview: On the whole subject of matter, in fact, Dr. Tesla holds views that are startlingly original.
He disagrees with the accepted atomic theory of matter, and does not believe in the existence of an “electron” as pictured by science.
“To account for its apparently small mass, science conceives of the electron as a hollow sphere, a sort of bubble, such a bubble could
exist in a medium as a gas or liquid because its internal pressure is not altered by deformation. But if, as supposed, the internal
pressure of an electron is due to the repulsion of electric masses, the slightest conceivable deformation must result in the destruction of

===== PAGE 0011 =====

the bubble! Just to mention another improbability...” - Nikola Tesla Article: “A Famous Prophet of Science Looks into the Future”
(Popular Science Monthly)

    “My ideas regarding the electron are at variance with those generally entertained. I hold that it is a relatively large entity carrying a
surface charge and is not an elementary unit (particle). When the ‘electron’ leaves an electrode of high potential and in a high vacuum
it carries an electrostatic charge many times greater than normal.” – N. Tesla

   “There is no rest mass to an ‘electron’. It is given here the ‘electron’ is no more than a broken loose “hold fast” under the grip of
the tensions within the dielectric lines of force. They are the broken ends of the split in half package of spaghetti. Obviously this
reasoning is not welcome in the realm of Einstein’s Theory of Relativity.” – E. Dollard

   “Unfortunately to a large extent in dealing with dielectric fields the prehistoric conception of the electro-static charge, the
‘electron’, on the conductor still exists, and by its use destroys the analogy between the two components of the electric field, the
magnetic and dielectric. This makes the consideration of dielectric fields unnecessarily complicated” - C.P. Steinmetz
(Electric Discharges, Waves and Impulses)

   JJ Thomson developed the “Ether Atom” ideas of M. Faraday into his “Electronic Corpuscle”, this indivisible unit. One corpuscle
terminates on one Faradic tube of force, and this quantifies as one Coulomb. This corpuscle is not and electron, it is a constituent of
what today is known incorrectly as an “electron”. (Thomson relates 1000 corpuscles per electron) In this view, that taken by W.
Crookes, J.J. Thomson, and N. Tesla, the cathode ray is not electrons, but in actuality corpuscles of the Ether.” – E. Dollard

ELECTROSTATIC
   A dielectric phenomena discharging or grounding into counterspace which is dendritic in form. A discharge of a dielectric medium
into counterspace from the Cartesian medium which is a dielectric medium being so discharged. Electrostatics are dielectric fields.
See term DIELECTRIC.

ENERGY
   Energy is the Ether, often confused with the dissipation or diminution of energy as manifest which is the impotency of energy. No
branch of science has explained what energy is, they have no idea, they have only defined the parameters for it, but not explained the
term energy. From the perspective of the Absolute energy follows 1/Phi^-3, or the extrinsic nature of the Absolute to which since
times’ beginning it has been asked “why anything rather than nothing at all?”. Debating over kinetic vs. potential is futile since
nobody on earth can accurately define the term energy to any person’s satisfaction.
   The bulk quantification of energy units no sooner explains energy than it can define what it is. Energy is the potential to do work
and cause change, or in the absolute sense is the prime mover of phenomena, however this prime mover must 1st be in and of
counterspace, of wholly a non-Cartesian rest where all methods of measure and quantification are futile. It is far more simple for
humanity to replace the word energy with the word field.

FIELD
   A field is an Ether perturbation modality. Ultimately there is only one field, that being the Ether itself, but the Ether in stasis has no
Cartesian presence/reality which is the only manner by which empirical beings deem anything to be, as such we must declare the
dielectric to be the One Fundamental Field (as manifest) which is the Ether under stress or torsion, and the conjugate of the dielectric
is magnetism which itself is the loss of energy of the dielectric which manifest toroidal force vectors. Just as ice, water, and steam are
but one thing only so conceptualized as different due to temperature and molecular pressure, so too is the case of assumed “fields”.
Electricity is a hybrid of magnetism and the dielectric and as such is not a ‘thing in itself’ and therefore ultimately must be dismissed
when speaking of primary subjects or principles; likewise is the same with so-called gravity which is merely point non-specific
incoherent mutual mass acceleration.
   The dielectric is the Ether under torsion, whereas magnetism is the energy-dissipation of that torsion which manifests the torus.
Together, like inverse sides of one coin of silver (the Ether in analogy) the dielectric and magnetic are the conjugate pair of fields
which are but one, but ideated as different due to attributional natures and geometries of expression.

FORCE AND MOTION
   Force and motion are the dual (yet synonymous) pairs of the actions of magnetism. All fields are pressure mediations, please see
the chart below for clarity. All motion is either from counterspace or towards counterspace, however ultimately all field pressure is
curvilinear since force and inertia are mutually destructive and without end.
   Force and motion are said as reference to the creation of space, form, and magnitude; that being the dissipation of energy.
Centrifugal divergence to or as Cartesian impotency of energy. The motion towards discharge (or volume/magnitude).

===== PAGE 0012 =====

FORCE VECTOR
   A force vector is a three dimensional S-curve, the primordial force vector of magnetism which is the Ether-modality of the loss of
dielectric capacitance which manifests as magnetism, and whose manifestation is the 3-dimensional force vector. Natures ‘lines’ do
not begin at a point, nor are they straight, nor 2-dimensional; a force vector by definition cannot be. The 3-dimensional S-curve of the
loss of energy or inertia (the dielectric) is necessitated to be a helical curve which generates dimensionality and ultimately the torus.

===== PAGE 0013 =====

GRAVITY
   Gravity is not a unique or autonomous field modality whatsoever. The very same phenomena humans call electrostatic cling, and
so-called “magnetic attraction” (which is not magnetism at all) is the very same phenomenon we call gravity. Furthermore objects do
not accelerate towards one another as is perceptually witnessed rather they accelerate towards the lowest null pressure point between
the two. The same is likewise the case for inverse polarity magnets where it is seen under the supercell that a portal in counterspace is
generated between the two which the magnets are moving towards it, not themselves, but rather this null point. Said magnets also can
be seen to have a sphere between them as they accelerate which is shrinking proportionally. This is the ‘deflation’ of the torus of force
and motion, i.e.. magnetism itself.
   The difference between so-called gravity and so-called magnetic attraction is that in the case of the magnets, they are multiplicative
point-source objects accelerating, so the intensity is many magnitudes greater than that of common objects accelerating towards the
null point in counterspace; mere masses of the conventional kind are point non-specific or incoherent objects.
   Gravity does not exist, gravity is not a force at all, the phenomena humans call gravity is simplex dielectric mutual mass
acceleration. The reason every brand of current science is self-confessed to be utterly confused and perplexed by what gravity is, is
because they’re Atomists looking for answers in all the wrong places and have reified insane notions of “warped space time” to
superficially explain this phenomenon, however they never will. The sublime portion of their futile search for understanding of the
‘gravity field’ is that gravity is quite literally an anti-field, the erasure of space, that being the attribute of a divergent magnetic field.
All of nature follows after pressure mediation, and the phenomena called gravity is mere dielectric acceleration, plane and simple.


GYROMAGNETIC PRECESSION

===== PAGE 0014 =====

Magnetic torque (also called Larmor precession) is the necessitated precession or (accurately) field friction between the magnetic
and the dielectric in which magnetism generates phase (which is why there is a proportional disparity of a ratio of 1 to Phi between the
North and South poles of a magnet) and eventually enough torsion that causes flips of polarity over time, just the same as when a
gyroscope spins down it will precess more and more until it literally flips itself over. Field torque is necessitated as the byproduct of a
magnetic toroid and said resultant field friction generates torque. This is the very same cause of the Earths precession and likewise
cause of flipping of the earth’s poles from time to time.


HYPERBOLOID
    The hyperboloid in field definitions is the geometry towards counterspace, of the dielectric, and is essentially the geometry seen in
an hourglass. The hyperboloid is the geometry of increasing inertia and acceleration and inverse to the torus of magnetism. The
hyperboloid by no coincidence is the inverse geometry of the torus. This is one half of the geometries of the conjugate pair. The
interior geometry of the hyperboloid extrapolates the 3-diemensional S curve of the force vector, likewise its reversal is the vortex
path of increasing inertia towards counterspace.


INCOMMENSURABLE
   One cannot understand the field incommensurability of the “magnet” without grasping the magneto-dielectric hyperboloid at a
fundamental level within your mind. Inertia cannot be measured by means of mass calculations; this very premise is the basis for
every flaw of relativity, quantum, mathematical Atomism and non-Euclidean pseudo-physics.
   Being incommensurable or without measure is a metaphysical cornerstone and the “greatest secret of the Pythagoreans”, explaining
same requires many fundamental primers to already be present in the readers mind, however in short the “uncountable/without
measure” extrinsic attribute of the Absolute which is self-similar to the One is its attribute and likewise is incommensurable in

===== PAGE 0015 =====

manifestation of self-similarity and whereby beauty, divine proportionality and simplicity can and only by means of
incommensurability, be manifest.
    The perfect (the only perfect in fact) geometry of incommensurability is seen below, itself in triplicate forms the Pythagorean
pentagram, and this is likewise the geometry for the water molecule which is the dipole antenna for life to exist. The incommensurable
geometry of self-similar (or fractal) manifestation is the proportion and ratio of the One (Agathon) to itself, just as light is to
illumination, its attribute.
    In the case of the incommensurable/aoristos, just as in the case of polarity as indicated in diagrams of the magnet below, there is no
place or location in a bar magnet that contains a north “pole” or a south. If a bar magnet were cut a billion times along its polaric run,
even a trillion times, even down to the atomic, you could not isolate a northern or southern “pole”; this polarity is a field pressure
abstraction (it is incommensurable), is unreal, just so too is illumination by metaphysical definition, as well as willing (which is syn. to
the aoristos dyad, to tolma, etc.). The point being is that we cannot philosophically, logically, rationally give definition or mark to
what is without coordination (a+horismo, a+oristos). Only two things can be marked, one being the unreal masses and magnitudes
which are measured and reckoned by empirical math, and the unmarkable but abductively & rationally known Unity or Principle of
all, the whole.
    By application of wisdom, knowing that cutting a magnet in half will not isolate either pole, rather create two new magnets tells a
lot to someone with their minds turned on. This means that polarity is a mirage with no locus, there is no “north here, and south over
there”, rather polarity is the expression of force itself which is a 3-dimensional vector, the center of which is the plane of inertia or
counterspace. This incommensurability in and of the magnet reveals a point non-specific wholeness found in each and every section or
part. There is no polarity located at “X” or “Y”, the whole is like its parts, and vice versa. This is also called the holographic paradigm.
But this holographic paradigm found in perfect proportionality (such as the Pythagorean triangle below) is the cosmic
incommensurability of perfection, of life, and the metaphysical ‘mirror’ of totality; and this is why the fact of incommensurability is
the “greatest secret of the Pythagoreans”.
    The whole is found complete in the parts, and the parts contain the image of the whole; this holographic paradigm, this
incommensurable nature of the conjugate fields to each other is the ‘secret of incommensurability’, however even this explanation is
abstruse and hard to understand for most. Incommensurability is the foundation of Emanationism (i.e. Neoplatonism,
Pythagoreanism), and as such that it represents the true image of nature and the One, it cannot be of any surprise that magnetism
follows this field incommensurability with simplex perfection without deviation. It is a mathematical fact that Phi is to 1 as 1 is to Phi;
however while truet, to a myopic mathematician this means nothing, but for those with insight this reveals a lot.

===== PAGE 0016 =====

INDEFINATE DYAD
   (See POLARITY and INCOMMENSURABLE). The indefinite dyad (the second 1, in the Fibonacci sequence of 1,1,2,3, etc,)
refers to the extrinsic attribute of the Absolute, akin to illumination being the attribute of light; both of which are an inseparable
whole. The incommensurable secret of the Pythagoreans being 1/Phi^-3, the indefinite dyad is Phi^-3 (.23606…), which is likewise
again the second 1, in the Fibonacci sequence. Likewise the indefinite dyad is the fundamental premise of Platonic Monism which
dismisses any ‘First Cause” or ‘original sin’ ideations of Creationism.

INDUCTION
    Influence of a field upon (typically) a circuit or object. Typically for human consumption induction are units of dielectric
capacitance and magnetic induction which together form an electrical circuit of known voltage and amperage. Or dielectric times the
magnetic = electrical inductance of the circuit. All which then give rise to the dimensions of space and time. Induction in simplex is
field(s) excitation of an object or circuit so induced to the flow of energy or a raised state of capacitance or both, depending on the
form of induction.

   Faraday was the originator of the concept of the magnetic field, (which is described in terms of "magnetic curves" our present day
"magnetic lines of force") however he never so much as suggested in his works that induced currents were a resultant of changing
magnetic fields. On the contrary, he clearly associated the phenomena of electromagnetic induction with changing electrical currents.
As per Maxwell, he too considered EM induction as a phenomena in which a current (or EM force) is induced in a circuit. but not as a
phenomena in which a changing magnetic field causes an electrical field. He clearly said that the induced EM force is "Measured by,
not caused by the changing mag field" Just as Faraday, he made no allusion to any casual link between magnetic and electric fields -
Dr. Oleg D. Jefimenko Causality, Electromagnetic induction & Gravitation

   Maxwell too considered the electromagnetic induction as a phenomena in which a current is induced in a circuit, but not as a
phenomena in which a changing magnetic field causes and electric field. He clearly said that the induced electromotive force is
measured by, not caused by the changing magnetic field. Just as Faraday, he made no allusion to any causal link between magnetic
and electric fields. - Dr. Oleg D. Jefimenko Causality, Electromagnetic induction & Gravitation

   Neither of Maxwells equations nor their solutions indicate an existence of a causal links between electric and magnetic fields.
Therefore we must conclude that an electromagnetic field is a dual entity always having an Dielectric and a magnetic component
simultaneously created by their common sources: time variable electric charges and currents. - Dr. Oleg D. Jefimenko Causality,
Electromagnetic induction & Gravitation

   A time variable electric current creates an electric field parallel to that current. The field exerts an electric force on the charge in the
nearby conductors thereby creating induced electric currents in them. This in the term “electromagnetic induction” is an actually a
misnomer, since no magnetic effect is involved in the phenomena, and since the induced current is caused solely by the time variable
electric current and by the electric field produced by that current. - Dr. Oleg D. Jefimenko Causality, Electromagnetic induction &
Gravitation

INERTIA AND ACCELERATION
   Inertia and acceleration are said as reference to the erasure of space, formlessness and the Ether, or the homeostasis in counterspace
which is pure potential energy. Centripetal convergence to or as non-Cartesian unmanifest homeostasis of potential. The motion
towards charge, the Ether, and potential. Or as Russell put it, “motion is the expression of power”, and “no expression of anything
(counterspace) is that which expresses it”. The motion towards charge (or re-charge) is increasing inertia and acceleration.

===== PAGE 0017 =====

===== PAGE 0018 =====

INVERSE MAGNETIC VORTEX POLARITIES
   The three dimensional force vector of magnetism as manifest in projective polarity. Any and all magnets have inverse spin vortex
respective to one another but face-on are moving in the same direction. This extrapolation is of course the 3D force vector of
magnetism itself. Below image is showing a cathode tube twisting the projected straight grid in inverse spin vortex formations. Many
years ago I informed a very large number of people on an energy forum that every magnet has a vortex on both sides and that each is
inverse to the other. After much denial, many people with open minds setup experiments in order to test this upon which of course I
was proven 100% accurate.


LASER
   A laser is a point source of light. The incommensurability of a laser is spatially coherent. Spatially coherent light has another name:
"sphere waves" or "plane waves." Or in simplex: "pinhole light" or "point source light." Lasers are usually said to be “coherent light”,
however coherent light is rather simple: it's light which comes from a very small light source. Light from a single source is always
coherent, since incoherence requires at least two different Cartesian sources. Since incoherence requires two sources, the so-called

===== PAGE 0019 =====

‘lines of force’ seen in a magnet are merely the constructive and destructive interference patterns of the polarity (i.e. two sources) of
the centrifugal divergence and centripetal convergence of the magnetism against the dielectric. It cannot exist any other way. This is
the very definition of the ancient Greek term ananke translated as necessity, but actually means “it cannot exist any other way”.
    In-phase emission causes the amplification of light, doesn't cause coherent light. Because the atoms generate light in phase with
incoming light, they will amplify the light, but they amplify the incoherent light as well, and they don't make it coherent. The
coherence of laser light has another source. Laser light has two main characteristics: it is monochromatic, or very pure in frequency
(this also is called "temporally coherent.") Laser light also has a point-source character of sphere waves and plane waves (also called
"spatially coherent."). Starlight has coherence-lengths in thousands of kilometers, and starlight is far more coherent than any human-
made laser light. And the most distant stars are just like ideal point sources. Astronomer Michelson discovering that Betlegeuse is far
less coherent than other stars. Betlegeuse is our closest star.
    Dennis Gabor, invented holography before lasers existed. To create his pseudo-lasers he just took light from an ordinary mercury-
arc lamp and passed it through a pinhole. Mercury's emission line made it nearly monochromatic, and the pinhole gave it the spatial
coherence.
    In-phase emission causes the amplification of light, it doesn't manifest coherent light. Because the atoms generate light in phase
with incoming light, they will amplify the light, but they amplify incoherent light too, and they don't make it coherent.
When a laser is first turned on, it fluoresces; it emits light which is not coherent. Different random light waves start out from different
parts of the laser. After a few thousand mirror bounces, all the light waves have added and subtracted to form just one single, or point
source of EM emission. Most types of lasers actually emit spreading, non-parallel light. Lasers in CD players and in "laser pointers"
are semiconductor diode lasers. They create cone-shaped light beams, and if a parallel beam is desired, they require a focusing lens.
The same is true for the lasers in inexpensive "laser pointers." Take apart an old laser-pointer, and you'll find the plastic lens in front
of the diode laser inside.
    Classroom helium-neon lasers also create spreading light. The laser tube within a typical classroom laser contains at least one
curved mirror (called a "confocal" arrangement,) and it creates light in the form of a spreading cone. It's a little-known fact that
manufacturers of classroom lasers traditionally place a convex lens on the end of their laser tubes in order to shape the spreading light
into a parallel beam. While it's true that a narrow beam is convenient, I suspect that part of their reason is to force the laser to fit our
stereotype that all lasers produce thin, narrow light beams. The manufacturers could save money by selling "real" lensless laser tubes
having spreading beams. But customers would complain, wouldn't they? We have been brought up to believe that laser light is parallel
light, however this is not correct.

===== PAGE 0020 =====

LIGHT
    Let us first wipe away a century of nonsense about light by stating that light is not 1. A particle 2. A wave 3. A wave-particle
duality 4. An emission 5. Nor does light have a speed. Oh heavens! Heresy! This will be heard screamed by many a brainwashed
Atomist.
    Light in short is a coaxial circuit (see coax cross section image below). Light is not a material emanation or projection, rather a
sheer induction containing two axial and one longitudinal/radial components. By true definition, the very nature of all
electromagnetism is a split wheel (like a vortex antenna), as is the co-axial geometry of light. Spatial electrical and magnetic
components, induce each other via the dielectric center axial and radial point.
    In very simplex illumination say what light is, is akin to (see images below) dropping a stone into the water in which two
phenomena manifest, perpendicular to one another, the radial waves of the water, and what rises out in the line of propagation, which
is a drop, and this water drop is what the Atomists conflate in their ignorance, as a ‘photon’. The higher the power the light, the
smaller the waves and the bigger the (of power) drop, this is why Gamma radiation is so dangerous, its literally quasi-matter; but also
still merely light. Remember, smaller the space, the higher the capacitance.
    Tesla is right (see quote below) in saying light is merely a ‘sound wave in the Ether’; light is not an emission at all, nothing emits
light (heresy!!), nor does anything literally emit sound, since sound is a perturbation in the nitrogen and oxygen of the air, which has a
rate of induction or propagation, but this rate of induction is not fixed for light nor for sound, since sound changes rates (or wrongly
“speeds”) depending on elevation, humidity and temperature.
    The same is true of light which changes its rate of induction in air, glass, water etc. All notions of speed regarding light are false
ones, since speed infers something is moving from A to B, and this is utterly false. As for light ‘waves’, well waves do not exist, for
waves are what things do, not what things are. Light likewise cannot be a duality for nature has no dualities implying an inherent
contradiction. Light in most simplex explanation is coaxial circuit Ether perturbation modality. The most simplex of field phenomena
along with the dielectric and magnetic. Literally by their own admission, all of Quantum is based on their understanding of the nature
of light, and they have not a single clue what light is whatsoever, ergo all of Quantum is built upon a lie and fantasy which does not
reflect nature.

“I consider this extremely important. Light cannot be another else but a longitudinal disturbance in the Ether, involving alternate
compressions and rarefactions. In other words, light can be nothing else than a sound wave in the Ether” – Nikola Tesla

===== PAGE 0021 =====

LINES OF FORCE
   False identification terminology. There are no magnetic lines of force, these are not “lines” at all. So-called “lines of force”
pertaining to magnetism (or fields in general) is a gross perceptually-based error and absurdity. It has absolutely no basis in reality
whatsoever. Said “lines” are only the peaks and troughs of the conjugate magneto-dielectric system which are mutually both manifest
and anti-manifest as they interplay against each other towards both space and counterspace. These are merely simplex constructive
and destructive interference patterns.
   The “lines of force” is a nonsense concept and came from Faraday in viewing iron filings above a magnet. The lines are due to
constructive and destructive pressure mediation between divergence and convergence of the magneto-dielectric system, namely the re-
integrating dielectric. There are no lines of course, and the force involved is solely that of magnetism
The presumed magnetic “lines of force” are Ether wake-fronts, both 2-dimensionally circular and extrapolatively curvilinear to the
mass. These endless wake fronts are the genesis of magnitude which begins the measure of same, so conceptualized as time.
Interference observed in the double-slit experiment is the exact same thing seen on the ferrocell and the same miss-interpretation made
by Faraday
   Constructive and destructive phase due to spatial variance and or displacement depending on the subject observed, be it light or the
magneto-dielectric interlacing of a palpable magnetic field of a magnet are the source of these presumed “lines” of force and absence

===== PAGE 0022 =====

thereof. The absence of light or assumed magnetism is destructive, or rather loss and self-canceling in the dielectric which terminates
in counterspace.

MAGNET
    First let us define a magnet and state the obvious, that before becoming a magnet and after becoming a magnet there is zero
quantitative change, be it ferrite, samarium cobalt, neodymium or otherwise. Magneto-dielectric “elasticity” or the atomic and
molecular nature of the object defines its ability to become a magnet and to what strength. As has been demonstrated we can polarize
strawberries and living frogs in a strong enough magnetic field, but only temporarily. Most neodymium magnets are “magnetized”
with 2400 Volts and 12 AMPs DC. A magnet is a point source object (essentially a field ‘laser’) which is both incredibly useful and
fascinating to most all humans because it has field phenomena ab-extra or outside of the physical object itself; as such a magnet is a
qualitative change resultant object whose quantitative nature is 100% unchanged from before it became a magnet.
    The magneto-dielectric geometry that defines a magnet is point source, not merely domain alignment. To say that to create a
magnet is like passing a comb thru the “messy hair” of an object to be straightened or magnetized is incorrect. If we were to carry this
analogy to completion all “straightened hairs” would have to be emanating from one point. Descriptions are not explanations, to say
that a magnet is an object which has aligned magnetic domains is a superficial farce which neither explains what a magnet is nor
explains how a magnet works. Collectively humans think, due to 5000+ years of experiential observation that a magnet is an object
which “emits a magnetic field” and that “magnetism causes other ferromagnetic objects to accelerate towards it” and these are
incorrect conclusions; as such all of this is nonsense due to the inherent defects of human sensory input. This is also due to illogical
and faulty thinking methodology. Aligned magnetic domains are far less than a full description and really no explanation at all, rather
a magnet is defined by having point source field incommensurability.
    The field is spatially coherent and emanating from the inverse of the spatial mass so now deemed a magnet. This “sink” is of
course counterspace, the anti-locus of force and mass all of which define magnetism denotatively, of which magnetism is the dielectric
field expressed in and by the loss of inertia/potential. Gravity likewise cannot be an autonomous field modality, it is simply non-point
source, or spatially incoherent dielectric acceleration….this is the same idiocy intellectually deficient humans call “magnetic
attraction” which is not magnetism at all, this nothing more than point source dielectric acceleration, or essentially point-source so-
called “gravity”. As I mean that gravity and so-called “magnetic attraction” are the exact same thing with different attributes but of
course are have same properties since they are the very same thing.
   The magneto-dielectric torus and hyperboloid are the conjugate geometry that defines everything in the cosmos. Likewise we can
say of these field modalities or geometries that they are archetypes of space and counterspace (or Ether-realm). “Inter-molecular
dimension” as said by Steinmetz or “Counterspace” or Zero-Point, or simply said the ether, makes no difference, these are just
conceptual words to refer to one thing, pure unmanifest non-Cartesian inertia, or energy, i.e. the Ether “at rest”, the one and only
medium.
    People are confused as to why a more powerful magnet has a smaller spatial footprint of influence! This is due to the fact that a
magnet is far less a magnet as implied a magnetic object than it is a dielectric double vortex & conjugate magneto-dielectric field
system with both field incommensurability but also field coherency as the attributional nature dictates of a point-source system. A
more powerful “magnet” has a far more powerful counterspatial dielectric hyperboloid geometry which sits over either pole.
Typically a N35 gauss magnet has a large spatial (as meant magnetism) field, and as you increase the power of the magnet to N40,
N50 it becomes much smaller, and ultra high power permanent magnets rated at N55 and higher have much smaller spatially palpable
magnetic fields or footprints.
    All power in a “magnet” is translational upon and to the dielectric, …not to magnetism. Humans have always confused power with
the loss of power. For example, true power would be a softball sized lump of plutonium, but humans believe the explosion is the
power, but in fact it’s the impotence of power. A magnet’s magnetism is impotence of power as manifest in divergence, centrifugal
magnitude and the creation of space. True power of a magnet is always its dielectric hyperboloidal geometry which terminate in
counterspace, as is visible under the supercell.
    In a simple shower & drain analogy, a more powerful magnet would be a shower which has far greater cyclonic “suction” at the
drain than output at the showerhead. As the power of the magnet is increased, the magnetic flow instead of going out, like a
showerhead, goes straight back towards the drain. This is also visible under the supercell. All of this is the same whether a samarium
cobalt magnet, neodymium iron boron magnet, or a ‘weak’ ferrite magnet. F.I. or field incommensurability is extremely important and
necessary to understand what a magnet and/or magnetism is.
    A near perfect analogy to ‘drive it home’ is that a 5W light bulb is all but utterly useless whereas a 5W laser is dangerous, can blind
you, is infinitely useful, and will literally burn you in an instant and much more. What is the difference I ask you? 5 watts is 5 watts,
right?! The difference is that a laser is point source light, whereas the light bulb is not.

===== PAGE 0023 =====

MAGNETIC ATTRACTION
    Magnetic attraction does not exist whatsoever. It’s a conceptual phantasm of highly ignorant minds since time immemorial. This
false idea is based in the mutual acceleration of magnets towards one another (also a false concept based on faulty observational
acuity) therefore falsely conceived as “magnetic attraction”. This is dielectric acceleration towards counterspace. Magnets do not
likewise acceleration towards one another, rather towards the lowest pressure point (vortex center) between both. This is the same
phenomena so-called gravity and likewise “electrostatic cling”.
    All these three are one and the same field expressions. The one difference being an attributional difference between so-called
gravity and magnets mutually accelerating, that being the magnets are point-source (not additive rather multiplicative) objects whereas
the ‘gravity’ phenomena is non-point-source mutual mass acceleration towards the same low pressure point vortex-center.

MAGNETIC REPULSION
   Rather than additive, like polarities forced in close proximity have multiplicative force manifestations due to the compounded
Ether-torsion where, rather than force dissipation, force is multiplicative and the most basic definition of unnatural. Only this
phenomenon is actual magnetism ‘in action’, since so-called ‘magnetic attraction’ does not exist.

===== PAGE 0024 =====

MAGNETISM
    Magnetism is the dielectric field and the second half of the conjugate field of the dielectric and magnetic, which respectively are
the geometries of the hyperboloid (dielectric) and the torus (magnetism). Nothing in the universe has mass or volume without
magnetism. The volume of every atom (which the ignorant teachers told you an atom is 99.9999999% ‘empty space’) is due to
magneto-dielectricity since all atoms are dynamos generating energy of course, but also their volume which is due to magnetism
alone. Magnetism is the universes most fundamental force, literally force and motion; and is centrifugal in nature. Magnetism is the
dielectric field attributionally in that the loss of energy of the dielectric forms magnetism. Explaining how an electromagnet works is
extremely simple if one understands this conjugate relationship.
    Logically so magnetism should be called dielectric-dissipation, such that analogously magnetism would be akin to water or ice, and
the dielectric akin to steam. Ice water and steam are all the same thing, but due to pressure and temperature, are conceptualized as
different entities; the same is true of magnetism in relation to the dielectric.
    The attribute of magnetism such that it is force and motion itself, is the creation or wake of the divergent magnetic field that
manifests space and further therefore the measure of which is time. Space nor time are things themselves whatsoever, despite ignorant
humans endless attempts to reify these phantasms, they’re ultimately nothing more than what a shadow is, not a thing itself, but the
absence of a thing, and this absence is energy, or the dielectric.
    The great secret of the loss of inertia/dielectric which is magnetism itself, is that this is the inverse mirage of energy, is absence.
Space and time are the mirage of power/inertia/dielectric found in the wake of a divergent magnetic toroidal centrifugal field.
Magnetism in short is energy as manifest, whereas the Ether is energy in potential, and the dielectric is energy in torsion. Magnetism
is literally that which gives shape to shapelessness and form to formlessness. This however is also that which the ancients deemed
evil, since with magnetism, is then posited the antinomies, space, time, suffering, change, flux and countless more things.
    An enormous amount of nonsense exists in the minds of humans about magnetism and magnets such as “magnets attract (i.e.
‘magnetic attraction’)” which is an absurdity, or that “a magnet (is defined by or is) has poles” and that everyone on earth suffers the
mental defect to believe that a magnet is ‘juiced up with’ magnetism and or that a magnet is so defined in that it has (has only)
magnetism. All these beliefs are wrong or less than half the story. Most of what fascinates humans about magnets and therefore
magnetism is the fact that the field of influence is much so ab-extra to the physical magnet, and this invisible force (force is only
accurate and correct as applies to so-called magnetic repulsion) is mysterious and fascinating. However this field of force ab-extra to
the magnet is a property of the substrate of the Ether itself. A magnet is a multiplicative device and therefore has ab-extra phenomena
around it.

“In electric circuits containing energy stored in the magnetic and in the dielectric field, the change in the amount of stored
energy,…occurs by a series of changes from magnetic to dielectric and back again from dielectric to magnetic stored energy.” - C.P.
Steinmetz Electric discharges, waves and impulses

“The magnetic AND the dielectric field of the conductors are BOTH included in the term ELECTRIC FIELD and are the TWO
components of the electric field” - C.P. Steinmetz Electric discharges, waves and impulses

===== PAGE 0025 =====

“Many textbooks speak of the electric charges on the conductor and the energy stored by them without considering that the dielectric
energy is not ON the surface of the conductor but in the space OUTIDE of the conductor, just as also is the magnetic energy” - C.P.
Steinmetz Electric discharges, waves and impulses

    Like his (Edison) lamp, my induction motor may be discarded and forgotten in the continuous evolution of the (electric motor?)
arts, but my rotating field with its marvelous phenomena and manifestations of force (from magnetism) will last as long as science
itself” - Nikola Tesla Article: New York World Nov. 29, 1929, p. 10 col. 4-5. To the Editor of the World


METAPHYSICS
   Study of 1st principles in and of counterspace. The realm of energy and ultimate reality. Contrary to current connotations such that
the “metaphysics” section of any book store is about occult nonsense, genuine metaphysics as per the Pythagoreans, Platonists and
Neoplatonists is about the study and wisdom of first principles and that which lay under the blanket of phenomenon.

MASS
   Mass is the volume attributed to atoms and likewise their conglomerations due solely to magnetism. All magnetism is the creation
and basis for all mass whose measure is time. Magnetism is the creation of torsion and space.

NUCLEUS PARTICLE (PROTON)
    There is only one nucleus particle, the proton; since all free neutrons become protons (look up neutron decay). Since the masters of
field theory (see ELECTION ABOVE) have denied the electron, and it is agreed that all free neutrons become protons (roughly after
14 mins.), therefore there is only one fundamental particle we call the proton. (See image below, ref. galactic jets, or relativistic jets by
name) Black holes along their polar axis of gyromagnetic precession are seen to emit trillions of tons of hydrogen (A photon dynamo),
The ancient riddle of the reconciliation of light and matter (since nature cannot be complex, this is impossible!) is now easily
explained. The proton particle is nothing more than extremely ultra-high energy light (recent high energy lab experiments confirm this
theory). This fact actually closes the loop to perfection in validating the Emanationism of the Platonists and Pythagoreans.

===== PAGE 0026 =====

PHOTON
   A ‘unit of light’ or photon is an Atomistic creation with no basis in reality. The intellectual defect that gave rise to this false
concept comes from the observational nature of light along its central coaxial circuit which rarefies and compresses like manifesting
and de-manifesting beads on a necklace where dielectric induction manifestations of the coaxial circuit of light occur relational to the
frequency of the light in question.
   No such entity as a ‘light particle’ exists at all; this is the fantasy of mathematicians endless desire to quantize all of nature into
discrete units to count and subdivide. The very term photon comes from the psychologist Leonard Troland (psychologist and occultist
who studied telepathy and other fringe topics).

PHYSICS
   Study of phenomena with mass and magnitude, or the attributes of magnetism. The realm of the byproducts of the release of
energy. The realm of transient phenomenon and unreality. Physics is but one half of the study of nature complimentary to
Metaphysics; neither one is the ‘opposite of the other’, rather both are mutually complimentary.

PLANE OF INERTIA
    The plane of inertia is the null-plane between and opposite the magnetic divergence and dielectric convergent fields. The plane of
inertia in the pantheon of field phenomena and study would be the closest thing to divinity and perfection. Peace itself and the plane
upon which most life thrives. At the center of a magnet ‘between polarities’, there is no magnetic flux, no motion, and the still of
quintessence and is closest to counterspace, yet still manifest. The white line below of a magnet under the supercell is the plane of
inertia between the poles which are phase shifted at a rate of 1 (North) to Phi (South). The plane of inertia is literally the realm which
is the opposite of all antinomies, yet is still a realm rather than completely absence in counterspace. This plane of inertia transcends
both the magnetic and the dielectric and this has countless ramifications for both inventions and metaphysics.

===== PAGE 0027 =====

PLASMA
   Ionized gas and a fundamental state of matter. There is a strange pseudo-religion / belief system (plasma cosmology or E.U.) built
up around aggrandizement of plasma and plasma states.

POLARITY
    Magnetic polarity necessitates that one understand that a human line is not mother natures line which is from one non-Cartesian
nexus in counterspace and is 3 dimensionally curvilinear as necessitated by gyromagnetic precession and the native magnetic force
vector to become an expanding torus. Polarity in simplex is Natures fundamental force vector, which is divergent from counterspace
and curvilinear by necessity since polarity cannot be merely 2-dimensional
    Dimensional polarity which polarity is by definition cannot be merely linear, nor can it be straight, all of natures lines are of course
curvilinear and mutually divergence and centrifugal from a non-Cartesian nexus and manifest both 3 dimensionally as curvilinear but
additionally so as necessitated by the definition of magnetism which ‘creates space’, as precessing to create the mass. Gyromagnetic
precession is the full and complete dimensional reification of polarity by definition as it must be 3 dimensionally divergent. Its not
anymore complicated than that.
    2-dimensional force (i.e. magnetism) divergence is impossible and illogical. Dimensionally magnetism is an extrapolated vortex
given multiple divergent vectors from each so-called pole. These force divergences are tied like a dog to a stake in the ground to the
plane of inertia or the null nexus of dielectric inertia or counterspace, regardless of the name we wish to apply to it.
    At the center of all magnetic fields there is no magnetism, at the center of gravity there is no gravity. Retroductive logic
necessitates that there is only one field, the dielectric, since magnetism is the dielectric field being express in force as implied the loss
of inertia, and electricity is the construct of magnetism and dielectric working in unison to create a self-reproducing energy construct
which propagates. Gravity is merely incoherent dielectric acceleration, or point non-specific mutual mass acceleration towards a
counterspatial vector, as implied the smallest possible volume, which is connotatively so counterspace.
Gyromagnetic precession is the pressure mediation of magnetic polarity which is of course 3 dimensionally divergent. This accounts
for all natural vortex phenomena.
    A single “force vector” is not merely spatially divergent, but also necessitatively so mutually curvilinear, and herein is the double
vortex formation and the genesis of gyromagnetic precession itself The incommensurability of a conjugate field in a magnet, being
that a magneto-dielectric object has a presence relative to the binding object which we call the magnet but there is no actual Cartesian
value that can be localized IN the magnet relative to ANY aspect of the fields themselves. This is what Tesla meant when he said
“There is no energy in matter other than that it received from its environment (as meant Ether fields).” – Nikola Tesla
    There is no North Pole nor South Pole in a magnet, and you cannot slice it and separate the two, the fields are pressure forced to
their respective locations. There is no Cartesian value of polarity in a magnet, no location, no mid-point, no so-called Bloch wall, its
just not there as “there” is meant topos, or place/location. This is incommensurability, the holographic paradigm; this is point source
field emission, also called spatial coherence. Polarity in short is nothing more complex than to say “Natures force vector expression
of magnetism”.


QUANTUM/RELATIVITY

===== PAGE 0028 =====

Quantum & Relativity are both an atomistic belief system based upon the premise of quantification of things lacking quantity, such
as fields, light and energy. Quantum overstepped its bounds early in its creation to pervert fields and energy into particles as against
natural order, logic and common sense. Quantum at its base is surreal mysticism, completely irrational & unrepresentative of field
mechanics. Its chief priests have insanely yet intelligently constructed a belief system in which they themselves alone are the filter of
and for answers (the academic consensus) which are ever occluded behind a veil of irrational nonsense to which one must pay them to
explain and define. Quantum has much in common with bizarre cults like Scientology & others. Science fiction & Hollywood,
unsurprisingly have found a gold mine of insane yet superficially plausible fodder within Quantum for creating fictional books,
movies & TV shows.
    Most of the religion of quantum sprung from Einstein and his adherents as to the nature of light (‘light quantity’ or ‘das lichtquant’)
and radical notions of a “light particle” or ‘photon’, in 1917 as introduced by Leonard Troland (psychologist and occultist who studied
telepathy and other fringe topics). Quantum is not connected to Nature, reality or field theory, except in the minds of its believers who
are Atomists.
    Neither Tesla, Faraday, Steinmetz, Heaviside, Maxwell used the term quantum since it has no association whatsoever to fields,
field theory, magnetism, electricity or the dielectric. Rational physics and Quantum (Atomism) are two wholly separate entities.
    Fundamentally Quantum is a radically insane belief system infinitely closer to science fiction absurdities than natural and logical
explanations as defined by Platonists or even that of Aristotle. The very term Quantum denotes and connotes nothing whatsoever in
the natural world at all, further still it in no way attempts to explain nature, and is a radical affront to Ockham’s razor and common
sense. Quantum in short is hokum and intellectual obfuscation used by academia to perpetuate employment to those who are
intellectual bereft of insight and intellect.
    Relativity is still a meager theory after all these decades and mostly disproven, it attempted to supplant the Ether by ignorant
reification of space and time as actual entities which are malleable and influence matter and fields (not that Relativity ever defined a
field). Space has no properties (Tesla likewise said this) and time is merely a measure; neither of this can be warped or act upon other
things, nor is space a terminal for any field modality.

   “Einstein's relativity work is a magnificent mathematical garb which fascinates, dazzles and makes people blind to the underlying
errors. The theory is like a beggar clothed in purple whom ignorant people take for a king.” N. Tesla

   “Nothing is more fantastical and a travesty of how nature works than is quantum theory. Its very basis has no relationship to
reality.” – W. Russell

   “Where common sense and intuition failed, we (the insane relativists) had to create a new form of intuition based upon abstract
(unreal) mathematics. When common sense fails, we must create uncommon sense.” -Leonard Susskind, professor theoretical physics,
and priest of Quantum


RIGHT HAND RULE
    A common but little known hand orientation to which if you know one of the three, being current, field or force, you can know the
direction of the other two by merely knowing one. However this is not an explanation of what is going on to which field pressure
vectors must be understood. The conjugate field of a magnet has its geometric orientation such that the mutually ‘antagonistic’ fields
of the magnetic and dielectric must find their respective lowest rest (not that magnetism is resting) geometries as you can see in the
images above for the conjugate fields.

===== PAGE 0029 =====

SPACE
   The void between masses falsely reified by Atomists/Relativity adherents. Space is the attribute of a divergent centrifugal magnetic
toroidal field. Space is a shadow, a privation, while having the attribute itself of privation, or its quality thereof. Space itself is not
anything, rather the absence of a thing, that being the Ether. Conventional reification by empirical beings whose existence is measured
by mass and magnitude, space exists, but ultimately space has no essence or properties, just as all mass/atoms are 99.999999999%
‘empty’. Space is the measured volume between masses and magnitudes, whose measure is time. Space is the incorrectly reified
essence of Atomism/Relativity which Tesla said was “doomed to oblivion” as a false belief of cosmic mechanics and its model.

“I hold that space cannot be curved, for the simple reason that it can have no properties”- Tesla

TIME
   Time is the measure of magnitudes and ultimately does not exist at all, however conventionally it does for beings of mass and
magnitude who live in a ‘sea of time’. Time is the number 4 so deemed by all ancient masters of wisdom and cosmic mechanics;
likewise the number 4 is the only number missing in the Fibonacci sequence of numbers between 1 and 5 (11235). Magnetism is the
principle by which all mass/atoms have magnitude, and therefore partake of time, and likewise must therefore partake of phase,
motion, and lag.
   Time, like space, is the attributional byproduct of magnitude and its measure. Time is comprised of past and future alone, which are
wholly phantasms of perception and memory. The present moment or ‘now’ is not part of time whatsoever since nobody cant stand in
a moment of the same waters of flowing time nor can time be still (a moment) or ‘now’ (Zeno’s paradox). Humans desire or are
harmed by recollection of the past, and either desire, fear, hope or more for the future which does not exist. Since past and future are
unreal, and time cannot be ‘now’, time itself declares that it is nothing whatsoever. The laughable fact that Relativity and the religion
of Quantum have reified nothing, that being time, is both laughable and a sad commentary upon human understanding of this concept.
   Time, in analogy, only has meaning upon the hands of the clock, but at the axle pin at the base of the second, minute, and hour
hand, time has no meaning at all. Time in short is the offspring & necessitated phenomena of magnetism and its byproduct being mass
and magnitude. The aggrandizement of time by empirical beings says little of time, but a lot about the nature of empirical existence.

TORUS
   The torus in field definitions is the geometry towards the creation of space, and magnitude. The torus is the geometry of
magnetism, of increasing force and motion and inverse to the hyperboloid of the dielectric. The torus by no coincidence is the inverse
geometry of the hyperboloid. This is one half of the geometries of the conjugate pair.

===== PAGE 0030 =====

ULTIMATE REALITY
    Throughout the entirety of human history there have ever been only two postulates for cosmic mechanics and all observed natural
phenomena. Firstly that of the Ether/Aether and secondly that of Atomism (today called Quantum). Atomism cannot explain what a
field is, nor energy, nor light. Atomism is at its core pure materialism and incapable of explaining most things observed in nature.

VIRTUAL PHOTONS/VIRTUAL PARTICLES (Quantum mysticism absurdity)
    No such fantasy exists as virtual photons/particles, it’s a purely conceptual fantasy created in the minds of those in the mysticism of
quantum, Atomism and Relativity (all one and the same religion). These fictional phantasms are not the input or output of any
experiment ever performed, furthermore these fantasy inventions were created to make equations balance out. The priests of the cult
of Quantum and Relativity (i.e. materialism) will tell you that: “The magnetic field between magnetic dipoles. It is caused by the
exchange of virtual photons.”
    This radical insanity is actually preached widely, that being: “what is going on between magnets is…the movement of virtual
photons.” This is irrational particle mysticism of the worst kind and belongs alongside unicorns and leprechauns; it has no connection
to logic, wisdom, or rational science.

   “A virtual particle is an abstraction, which facilitates in calculations and understanding, the term is very vague and loosely defined,
they never appear as inputs or outputs of experiments, their existence is questionable at best,…however they are very useful in
rendering concepts and making equations balance out”. -Richard Feynman


VORTEX
   A vortex is a torsion tether pattern for field-pressure release or manifestation. The conjugate hyperboloid-torus both express mirror
vortex geometries because each is the conjugate of the other. There are no straight lines in the universe contrary to the claims of
Newton because all force, motion, and movements are tied in their expression as against their conjugate like a dog tied to a rope
staked at one end to the ground, as such the dog will run in decreasing curvatures towards the stake because all force and inertia
vectors are tied in counterspace. The shortest distance of pressure expression is always curvilinear which extrapolates out a vortex. A
torus is a force vortex which creates a spatial vortex polarity which is a torus by definition.
   A hyperboloid is an increasing inertia vortex which terminates in counterspace. Humans only partially conceive of a vortex as a
funnel which terminates into the Ether or counterspace, however the explicit vortex which is centrifugal is likewise the conjugate
vortex of magnetism, which is polarized as all force vectors are by definition which manifests the toroid, that being a polarized force
vortex. For nature, in short, the fastest low pressure mediation of force and inertia is the curvilinear vortex.

===== PAGE 0031 =====

WAVES
    False concept. Humans suffer under concept reification such that while the term ‘waves’ is found as a noun in the dictionary, there
are no such principles (or ‘things’ as is said) as waves. Waves are said of what things do, not what a thing IS. Waves pertaining to
field modalities (namely light) are said of things as manifest and known/measurable. Waves no more exist whatsoever than does
happiness exist in itself of itself, by itself. Both the terms waves and happiness define an attributional state of something else,
respectively of a person, and of light or water for example. Intellectually unevolved humans (most) have many such fallacies about
nature, such as waves, emptiness, shadow, chaos; none of these are actually existing or are real.
    A most perfect example is that of light, with a given ‘X’ frequency (of its waveform), however light is the principle of the type of
Ether modality perturbation, only illumination (the attribute of light) has a frequency and therefore has (of its activity) waves.

WATER
   The water molecule is the dipole antenna of mind, and of life itself. This molecule is the incommensurable geometry of both the
universe, life, health, and is the proportion, or logos of all harmony. This very molecule is the receiver of mind and the radio of
empirical consciousness for all life. The incommensurability of the 108-36-36 triangle of the Pythagoreans and of water is the “most
deeply held secret of the Pythagoreans”. Self-similar or fractal self-similar geometry of the proportionality of 1 to itself (meaning 1 to
Phi) is the geometry of water.


WEIGHT
    Contrary to current conception, weight is not a force, and said weight of a mass is merely point non-specific (or incoherent) mutual
mass acceleration, but not two masses or more towards each other rather towards a null pressure point in counterspace between the
two or more. Weight likewise has many variables, such as medium, vector, magnitude (how massive the mass is), and phase. All field
phenomena follow the right hand rule, including weight (attribute of a mass towards lowest pressure acceleration). Further still weight
is increasing inertia and acceleration away from space (=magnetism); weight is the opposite of a force which it is called. Force
expenditure is required to counter weight, weight therefore cannot itself be a force. Weight likewise cannot be (as has been forwarded)
a locus of potential energy

===== PAGE 0032 =====

COSMOLOGY PRIMER
There are only two dimensions, one of creating space & volume, & one in counterspace of pure energy. The universe is governed by
fields & their pressures. There is only one field & several field modalities distinguished by their attributes. A field is an ether
perturbation modality, be it radial, circular, transverse, spatial or counterspatial. All field modalities are governed by force & motion,
inertia & acceleration; likewise matter by capacitance, resistance, permeability, & permittivity. The secret geometry of the universe is
the dielectric hyperboloid which is directed at counterspace, & is increasing inertia & acceleration; likewise the torus of magnetism
which creates space, & is increasing force & motion. Each geometry is the negative image of the other & together they form the
conjugate geometry of the entire universe. The terms force, magnetism, & space are all three the exact same thing.

The most perfect proportion is the 1, 1, Phi triangle; its logos contains both the truth of incommensurability, the divine ratio, life,
growth, harmony & the meaning of 3, 6, & 9. Phi is to 1 as 1 is to Phi. Only the wise shall understand this in its fullness.

Humans complicate the Divine & That which is most simple. Cosmic mechanics, by wisdom’s attribute is profoundly sublime, is One,
is unified. Humans by reason of ignorance divide nature; such as ‘magnetism is here, light is over there, matter hither!’. You cannot
divide what is One, what is complete in itself; ignorance alone does this, not wisdom & understanding.

Light does not move, nor is an emission, nor a particle, nor a wave (a wave is not a thing, rather what a thing does), nor a wave-
particle ‘duality’; nature contains no dualities, which implies inherent contradictions. Light does not have a speed, rather a rate of
induction of the Ether’s own ὑστέρησις to react to the perturbation. Light is a coaxial circuit. Light is not a particle, this is a
misunderstanding of the rarefactions & manifestations of the radial dielectric pulse perturbations which cause the transverse force-
phenomena of electro-magnetic ripples which occur at set frequencies that are reflective & dependent upon the power of the circuit.
The greater the power, the higher the frequency, the higher the frequency the smaller the spatial footprint of the light-circuit. The
highest frequency of light is the fundamental particle itself, the proton.

Drop a stone upon the water & you will see two things that are one; a drop emerges from the surface & waves/ripples radiating
outwards. The waters are as unto the Ether, but with no surface; the drop & the ripples are of & within the Ether itself. The higher the
energy transfer to the waters, the Ether, the lesser the ripples, just as the higher the frequency of light, the smaller the space & the
higher the power/capacitance. Power is everso in counterspace, not in space. Space, like a shadow, has no properties, only attributes.
Space, like a shadow, is not a thing, but a privation of a thing. Power is the One, is unmanifest in counterspace; its holographic mirage
is magnetism’s offspring, space, which is empty & impotent.

The fundamental particle itself is a semi-stable phenomena no different than what humans call a ‘black-hole’. The dielectric radial
pulse-perturbations of the circuit of light blink into & out of existence because they are of such low power. All matter of any
compounded elements are mutually accelerative. Galactic black-holes emit at their polar apexes countless endless trillions of
microscopic ‘black-holes’, the proton, or ultra-high energy light, literally a ‘hole In the Ether’, just as magnetism, which is force itself,
creates a toroidal mirage of a hole in the Ether that humans call space. The ancients have told you countless times ‘everything is light’,
& in this they were literal.

Magnetism is the dielectric field & manifests a torus & resultant space due to loss of inertia/energy necessitated (ἀνάγκη) & defined
by 1/ Phi^-3. Electricity is a hybrid of both the dielectric & magnetic & thus not a field in itself. Gravity in no way exists as a separate
entity, its phenomena is merely non-point-source mutual mass acceleration. So-called ‘magnetic-attraction’ in no way exists at all.
Magnetism is force & motion, this attraction-phenomena is point-source dielectric acceleration & no different than so-called gravity;
these two are only distinguished by their attributes. Only children bemuse that ice, water, & steam are separate things; likewise
humans have not evolved yet to grasp that all fields are but One whole & separated only by attribution, just as ice & steam are merely
temperature & pressure modalities of water. The dielectric hyperboloid & magnetic torus are both together the conjugate pair of the
entire cosmos & both are One. Force & motion/magnetism, inertia & acceleration/dielectric, centrifugal magnetic divergence, &
centripetal dielectric convergence (or so-called ‘gravity’). Nature governs all by pressure.

There is no ‘first-cause’, nor ‘original sin’, do not seek it & spawn no ideas of duality in Nature.

All life flourishes on the plane of inertia; this is the lowest pressure zone between & apart from the mutual annihilating fields of the
dielectric & the magnetic.

Neither space nor time are real, both are a mirage. They exist conventionally, but not ultimately. Time is only a measure of
magnitudes, is a concept created in the mind of man to define change & motion. When there is space, there also its measure, which is
time.

Force is a 3-dimensional S-curve, it cannot be otherwise. The plane of inertia is always at the midpoint between force polarities, which
are magnetic centrifugal vectors. A magnet does not have ‘poles’, it has the inverse of counterspace, which is mass & magnitude.
Nature’s magnetic force vectors are 3-dimensional & extend as a pair from counterspace. All presumed magnetic poles are
necessitated (ἀνάγκη) binary vectors of force itself. All presumed field ‘lines’ are merely markers of the conjugate constructive-

===== PAGE 0033 =====

destructive interference between the magnetic & the dielectric.

A vortex is an array of curvilinear force vectors tied to the axis of inertia. The vortex is truth that no straight lines exist in nature, for
all force lines are forever tied to the axis of inertia rooted in counterspace. At the center of a magnetic field there is no magnetism, at
the center of ‘gravity’ there is no gravity. A vortex is like a violent hurricane whose center is calm, is rest, & bliss.

There are only two types of lives, one of the contemplative, which is most rare & a life of action, which is most common. No actions
incline beings towards transcendence. Physics & Metaphysics are one thing, not two; just as the faces of a coin are both the silver. The
world of the material & the world of the spiritual are not two. Disembodied beings are untuned signals. Only fools consider beings to
require a body.


                                            ONTOLOGY PRIMER
The Truth of beings unfolds as: 1. Suffering is identified, which is existence itself, either living or disembodied. 2. By wisdom,
diagnosis of the root of suffering must be uncovered. 3. Diagnosis of the nature of the uncaused cause of suffering is made understood.
4. The metaphysician applies & inclines towards the cure, which cuts off perpetual suffering. This path from suffering of embodied &
disembodied beings is rightly: 1. Agnosis, being false identity, both primordial & its corporeal offspring. The uncaused attribute which
wills towards other rather than Self/Soul which is the only refuge & light. 2. The root of suffering is the desire sprung from primordial
agnosis, a will towards other & seeing Self/Soul in what is not the Self, the corporeal & the material 3. The diagnosis for liberation
from becoming is rightly the ending of false identity which beings in wisdom & rejection of all false identity, whether it be material or
noetic in nature. 4. The cure is disobjectification, the apophaticism which breeds theurgy, Self-purity, actualization, & the fulfillment
of wisdom’s goal, being the Self/Soul; for wisdom & the Soul are one thing, not two. Existence inclines beings towards non-Self;
wisdom is the Self which inclines towards Self. What is potential is not actual, though one is ever the Self/Soul, this actualization is
liberation, is transcendence, & must be actualized. By actualization is meant the complete end of agnosis, which is identity of Self as
other which begets suffering. For the born, the living, bodily suffering is inescapable; wisdom cannot purify or cure what is diseased
by its very nature, only rather uproot its eternal continuance. This is the universal Truth of the root of suffering & its ending.

There is no conduct that leads to liberation, but there is that which is conducive towards liberation, but this is not action, nor conduct.
Morality is a tool & guide for conventional worldly beings to check their evil desires & dark wills. Wisdom alone is to be enjoined by
those seeking transcendence, which brings proximity to the One, the Soul whose attribute is the Good. Beyond good & evil, proximity
to the One via wisdom has no connection to the worldly realm where mere morality & ethics are praised by the many.

The water molecule is the dipole antenna of mind, and of life itself. This molecule is the incommensurable geometry of both the
universe, life, health, and is the proportion, or logos of all harmony. This very molecule is the receiver of mind and the radio of
empirical consciousness for all life. Know this.

Reject skepticism, sophistry, desires, regret, materialism & atomism. Be brave, be noble & seek wisdom above all else; transcendence
begins when all desires end. Only those who step lightly in the world have a chance of being free from it for all time.

1, 1, 2, 3, 5. Everything in life is complete in the pentad. Evil is the willing towards other, towards the hexad. Evil is excess, or ΧΞϚ.
‘The many, the more!’ This is the cry of an evil mind, for excess is the mind which inclines towards the many. For what is not the Self
is other, & desire for other is evil. The Oracles have warned you: ‘Know thy Self, & seek not excess!’. The ancient trinity is the One
(1 & 1), the mass & the many (child of magnetism, 2 & 3) which begets space & its measure time, & the union of both 1,1 & 2,3 is
life (5). More, more, more; έξι έξι έξι, so the evil are carried off life after life. Ten is perfection, as it is said by the most wise, that 10
is the One which has waded thru the dark & reached itself, the stream of becoming is ended.

Phi, 1, 1, 1/Phi = Phi^3. The division of the One by its attribute, also the One, is expressed by 1/Phi^-3 which is Phi^3. But 1/ Phi^-3
is not a mere number, rather the expression of the One against itself & manifestation in the most perfect & divine Logos; the
proportions of perfection itself as recognized by the immortals. This secret of incommensurability is the deepest arcana of the
ancients! Worldly minds cannot penetrate this importance, but wise minds can. All that is noble, good, best, sublime, perfect & divine
in the universe follows this logos, & bows low to this ultimate proportion. This secret proportion & divine ratio of the immortals &
ancient masters was hidden in plain sight by the Pythagorean enclave as found in the πεντάγραµµον. It is said by the immortals that
wisdom is ‘hidden in plain sight, for the worldly have not minds to see what is open & exposed’. Secrets are only thus to those without
wisdom, the many, the worldly.

Fools describe, the wise explain. Fools complain, the wise study & fix. Fools blame others, the wise look inward. Fools desire things,
the wise reject things. Fools can be extremely intelligent & learned; the wise can be both uneducated & illiterate, but understand the
nature of the Cosmos & of Being. Fools cling to beliefs as that which they are, the wise by wisdom know that nobody is what they
believe. Nothing popular is true, & nothing true is popular. Intelligence is for this world & for life, wisdom is for eternity & what is
most important. Wisdom is that which is most rare in the cosmos. The immortals are only so due to wisdom. The beliefs of the many
are always false.

===== PAGE 0034 =====

The desire for power over others is the darkest form of materialism. No being has control over their own fate & life, much less that of
others. All who seek power are most evil & to be shunned. It is better to travel life alone than have a fool for company. No one can
measure That which measures, furthermore the entire world, both noble & profane has been built upon & lives upon that which not a
single being can measure. The entire world is built & rooted, in love, fear, hope, faith, desire, hatred & much more. The foolish many
who deny the existence of what cannot be measured are to be shunned.

It is only by apophaticism, anamnesis, that theurgy can be enjoined & transcendence initiated & ultimately fulfilled. Objective
negation culminates in Subjective synthesis with the Self. All those who see Self in the not-Soul suffer under the yoke of primordial
agnosis which breeds suffering & perpetual becoming. This body is like a painted puppet, an erected façade; truly a diseased heap that
fools fancy & swoon over; it befalls utter destruction. It is always in death that life meets its end. Reject the self in the mirror, which is
the mirage of Self; that self is merely the worldly persona, not the Soul, which is the light, the refuge, & endgoal of wisdom. Noetic
recollection withdraws identity from the material, & grows wisdom; the wise therein say ‘none of this is my Soul, is that which I am. I
reject all this which is perpetually in change & flux.’.

The center of the wheel opposed to becoming is the Unbecome, the Absolute, endgoal & refuge. Of those who have transcended, they
are the Unmoved Mover, the axle of the universe, or That (Tat Tvam Asi). There are two wheels of becoming, one of material beings,
& one of immaterial beings, joining them both is the unmoved Axle of the Absolute, beyond time & space; beyond suffering &
becoming; seek That by apophaticism! The being that stands upon the center of the wheel has conquered death & transmigration.

Of the Absolute it is spoken of by the wise only in negative terms (via negativa), such that all positive appellations belong to the realm
of phenomena. The divine darkness is the One, the unmoved Mover, the unmanifest Absolute, which is most perfect. The profane
darkness is cast by forms & matter, which are the objects of desire for beings deep in ignorance & evil. Nobody can grasp the
Absolute without knowing Principle & Attribute are One. Seek never a first cause, for there is none.


                                                                 END
