===== PAGE 0001 =====

ENERGY, ENERGY EMISSION, MEDIUM, GROUND, PARTICLES, & FIELDS
                                            COPYRIGHT 5-12-2024 Ken Wheeler
                         Any donation welcome if you like this booklet at paypal: kenw111@insightbb.com
                 https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=BDZ3G8SJ4ABT4

ENERGY:
   Aether, Rest, Inertia/Potential. Non-Cartesian, without mass, magnitude, or frequency. It is wrongly said that is: “Energy is the
ability to do work”, such that this is purely descriptive, NOT explicative of what energy is. A short explanation would be: “non-
Cartesian pure potential of Aether”. Rest potential yet-unmanifest. Denotative ENERGY has no measurable value, is incomposite,
without mass or magnitude. Nothing is never to be confused with not-a-thing (phenomena). What is above (rather ‘under’) physics is
metaphysics, what metaphysics is, ultimately, is incoodinate energy and its countless roles in the substrate of being, fields, and source
of all manifest forces and phenomena (=physics).


ENERGY ‘EMISSION’ (CENTRIFUGAL FORCE):
    Energy is never emitted, rather is a perturbation of a medium. Sound is not an emission, light is not an emission, nor magnetism.
Nothing emits neither sound nor light. The assumed (wrongly) “speed” is the rate of induction of the medium AS AGAINST itself, i.e.
the hysteresis of the medium (against itself); or the rate at which the medium can be perturbated. Nothing can be said of light without
knowing that light is not an emission, a wave (no such thing as a wave!), a particle, a “duality” (there are NO dualities in nature, not
even one), nor is light moving, ergo to wit the notion of a “speed of light” is anti-intellectual nonsense of the highest magnitude. A
‘wave’ in/of a medium is not an emission rather a disturbance with a frequency. Said frequency is always translatable to the
capacitance of same.
    All energy-emissions (wrongly called energy) are curvilinear and centrifugal force manifestations, or fields as meant. Force is what
all humanity wrongly calls and ideates as ‘energy’. These are energy-discharges correctly understood; such as magnetism, &
electricity.
    All matter is either in simplex (hydrogen) or complex (all atoms) capacitance-threashold light, as meant spherical-frequency light.
All black-holes likewise are matter-conglomerate threshold masses. Light ends at capacitance-threashold, likewise also matter ends at
capacitance-threashold against magnetism’s threshold to keep/hold said super-mass in the universe whose main attribute are
magnitudes of mass. This formation is called a ‘black hole’. The end of frequency capacitance terminates light into, or rather AS,
matter (=hydrogen). The end of magnetism’s-threshold to keep a mass as having magnitude terminates matter into, or rather AS, a
‘black hole’ phenomena (=counterspatial sink-mass).
    Likewise these phenomena are not energy, rather energy (as meant MEDIUM, i.e. AETHER) perturbation modalities with resultant
frequencies. All these modalities, as meant fields, are energy dissipation curvilinear vectors, specifically Aether-tension phenomena.

===== PAGE 0002 =====

All fields are curvilinear necessitatively so. All energy emissions generate the NEGATIVE ‘IMAGE’ (or NATURE OF) of ENERGY
(rest/Aether), that being space. Pure potential in negative image is pure impotency (i.e. space which “has no properties!” – TESLA).


The most diamagnetic (= hates magnetism) element (bismuth) in the universe naturally, logically & rationally creates crystals
that are hyper-cubes, or more conventionally meant counterspatially-vectored formations. All phenomena are definitionally
spatial and the negative image of Aether/counterspace.

GROUND:
   Any and all ground(ings) are a counterspatial sink, an acceleration towards a force-null. Gravity is an Aether-rarefaction tension
discharge; a mutual acceleration to a torsion-null locus, quite literally also an anti-field. Magnetism’s ground is the center of the torus,
that being a dielectric-null, or counterspace, i.e. Aether-Rest-locus. All force vectors are curvilinear such that all field modalities curve
towards a ground (Aether-null, or rest-locus).
   Any and all grounds are vectors towards non-Cartesian rest (=Aether potential). Gravity and magnetism are both point-source field
(or anti-field in the case of so-called gravity) modalities. All grounds are force-sinks (field modality terminators). All fields curve
towards rest, and all rest vectors are force-sink null-points. It is of great note that space is not a ground or terminator of any field or
force, such that space is the inverse of counterspace itself. Logically and necessitatively so nothing “grounds/terminates in space”-Ken
W.


MEDIUM:
   A medium is the nexus of pure potential, i.e. is ENERGY, or AETHER as meant, except in the case of sound. All non-
conglomerate/mass force vectors and or movements (falsely called ENERGY) require a medium. The medium of all fields is the
Aether, all fields are vectored modulations of said medium, the Aether. Noncompounded, immaterial, massless, the Aether is the
universal medium of all energy manifestations and phenomena. The all-pervasive medium of all-potential is of course, the Aether.
Ideations of past rumination that the Medium (=Aether) is gaseous, compounded, substantial, or “made of something” is anti-
intellectual & logically a dead-end.
   Energy, Medium, & Aether are all interchangeable terms.
“Light is a sound-wave in the Aether”- TESLA
“Light cannot be anything else but a longitudinal disturbance in the Aether, involving alternating rarefactions and compressions” -
TESLA
 “This medium of propagation, the Aether must exist. This medium must be a prominent thought in our investigations” Treatise on
Electricity and Magnetism – J.C. Maxwell

PARTICLE:
    An atom is an Aether-condensate phenomena; is spherical frequency UHE (ultra high energy) light. Atoms are Ice nodules floating
in the eternity of the Aether-Sea/Medium. All matter are transient phenomena either compounded (all atoms except for hydrogen) or
uncompounded (hydrogen) in the sea of inertia (the Aether by definition). Pure potentiality (Aether) has no Cartesian reality or
footprint. Actuality (=matter / atoms) is the negative image of inertia (Aether/Pure Potentiality) and has magnetism solely to blame for

===== PAGE 0003 =====

its existence in the temporal universe of phenomena. For the sake of logic Phenomena and Magnetism are one and the very same
thing. Phenomena owes 100% of its existence and nature to and as magnetism solely.
    ALL PARTICLES are capacitance-threashold light (i.e. HYDROGEN), all atoms other than hydrogen are compounded hydrogen.
All so-called Neutrons are phase modalities of protons, such that all free neutrons spontaneously become protons.
    Nothing with a beginning in time can escape ultimate oblvion/destruction. Humans, swimming in ignorance see and believe the
unreal (matter/atoms) to be the real, and the only Real (Aether/inertia) to be the unreal. A field is an Aether perturbation modality. An
atom (matter) likewise in simple, is just a point source field modality. All spherical frequency field modalities (matter, ‘black holes’)
are point source field modalities (natures Dynamo definitionally) and as such have no field-propagation attributional states (such as
light, magnetism, dielectric, gravity).
    A hydrogen atom (and other atoms) and a black hole are 100% exactly the very same thing, they are only diffentiated by sake of
their masses. All atoms are litereally “baby black holes”.
    The universes largest atom (a ‘black hole’) generates the univereses smallest, most basic atom (hydrogen). The universes smallest,
most basic atom (hydrogen) generates & compounds all atoms, is the basis for all mass, matter, & the vessel for life. Natures own
100% perfect, 100% efficiency recycling, from matter to super-matter (a ‘black hole’) which itself generates more matter (hydrogen)
called by different names, such as galactic jets, astrophysical jets, & relativistic jets. Beginning begets end which generates another
new beginning. All cycles terminate into the beginning of new cycles, this is the cuvilinear epoch of becoming and new-becomings.


FIELD:
    A field is an Aether perturbation modality. Ultimately there is only one field, that being the Aether itself, the genesis-matrix of all
fields, but the Aether in stasis has no Cartesian presence/reality which is the only manner by which empirical beings deem anything to
be, as such we must declare the dielectric to be the One Fundamental Field (as manifest) which is the Aether under stress or torsion,
and the conjugate of the dielectric is magnetism which itself is the loss of energy of the dielectric which manifest toroidal force
vectors. Just as ice, water, and steam are but one thing only so conceptualized as different due to temperature and molecular pressure,
so too is the case of assumed “fields”. Electricity is a hybrid of magnetism and the dielectric and as such is not a ‘thing in itself’ and
therefore ultimately must be dismissed when speaking of primary subjects or principles; likewise is the same with so-called gravity
which is merely point non-specific incoherent mutual mass acceleration.
    The dielectric is the Aether under torsion, whereas magnetism is the energy-dissipation of that torsion which manifests the torus.
Together, like inverse sides of one coin of silver (the Aether in analogy) the dielectric and magnetic are the conjugate pair of fields
which are but one, but ideated as different due to attributional natures and geometries of expression.

===== PAGE 0004 =====

THE SO-CALLED ‘GRAVITY-FIELD’:
    Simplex math determines the “center of gravity” of two objects. There is NO question by ANYONE on this earth that this “center”
is quite literally nothing, a mere coordinate towards which objects are accelerating; certainly likewise it is undeniable that objects are
NOT accelerating towards each other, rather towards this grand “nothing”, which is literally mere erasure of pressure rarefaction, as
meant the dissipation of dielectric torsion (no different that what everyone identifies as ‘electrostatic cling’ from two socks removed
from the hot dryer). This fulcrum of masses is both a mere coordinate relative to the masses and is 100% undeniably not-a-thing at all,
and nobody with any mind would argue masses are being controlled by either coordinates (a concept) and or no-thing. Modern
confused science has named this “center of gravity”, calling it the term barycenter, which is nothing more fancy than saying that it is
the fulcrum point of masses. A fulcrum is the point on which a lever rests or is supported and on which it pivots. However in the case
of masses, this grand fulcrum of literally “NO-THING” (=counterspace, not-a-thing is not to be confused with nothing, or nihil) is
itself simply REST, i.e. inertia/Aether.
    There is no such thing as a “gravity field”, rather gravity itself is an ANTI-FIELD. A ball thrown up into the air, whereupon falling
back to earth is not an “anti-throw”, neither is gravity a “type of field”. The phenomena of observed gravity is not nor ever is in
question, rather its definition, & humans are clueless on this front. Gravity is not a unique or autonomous field modality whatsoever
nor a field at all. The very same phenomena humans call electrostatic cling, and so-called “magnetic attraction” (which is not
magnetism at all!) is the very same phenomenon we call gravity. Furthermore objects do not accelerate towards one another as is
perceptually witnessed rather they accelerate towards the lowest null pressure point between the two. This “center of gravity” however
is literally no-thing (NOT-phenomenal), a coordinate where no-thing is. This is of course the locus of counterspace to which ALL
masses in the universe accelerate. The center of the torus (force geometry of magnetism itself) is of course literally nothing, or a
“hole”, rest, anti-spatial (=counterspatial), yet ALL vectors of magnetism terminate towards and upon this “no-thing” which is REST
(=inertia, potential). Gravity IS NOT a field, & gravity IS NOT a force. Gravity is the increasing acceleration of matter towards
removal of Aether rarefaction which itself is an elastic-like torsion.
    It is AS ABSURD to say for example that life is a “FIELD of life”, and death to be a “FIELD of death”, as it is to believe Gravity
is some type or form of a field. Gravity is NOT in any way a field modality, rather the dissipation of force (which is centrifugal)
which, of course, involves inverse vectors (=centripetal). There is no more an absurd thing such as a “field of death” than there is a
“field of gravity”, both of these are the force dissipation vectors towards and to rest, the breakup of that which made them glorified
concepts to be reified as things-in-themselves. Gravity or Aether-torsion is the very reason there are no straight lines in the universe,
rather only curvilinear ones, all curving towards rest/counterspace. That which we call a GROUND in an electrical circuit is no
different than saying counterspace node/nexus. Ideations of a “negative charge” are equally irrational, rather a point/locus of
DISCHARGE. Gravity is the coordinate locus of discharge, but of what? Simply force itself. To think of (as many scientists do)
calling gravity a force is an intellectually unforgivable sin. If a plate of apples was to be called a “field of food” we cannot then say the
eating of these apples towards an empty plate was a “field of/towards hunger”. Inversion of X-field is not a different field, such as:
“now Y field”. Absence or inversion is not a thing, nor a field, nor does it exist. Space, Shadow & Gravity are all three identical in that
they are not a thing at all, rather absence of or against a thing (inertia inversion/absence = space, light erasure/absence = shadow, force
inversion/erasure = gravity). Simplicity is divinity, & Nature does NOT enjoin irrational absurdities.
    Ideations of spatial curvature as per Relativity have been proven both impossible, irrational & derided by the likes of Tesla, Dr.
Jefimenko & countless others. A gravity-field does not exist; gravity is not a force at all, and the phenomena humans call gravity is
simplex dielectric mutual mass acceleration. The reason every brand of current science is self-confessed to be utterly confused and
perplexed by what gravity is, is because they’re Atomists looking for answers in all the wrong places and have reified insane notions
of “warped space time” to superficially explain this phenomenon, however they never will. The sublime portion of their futile search

===== PAGE 0005 =====

for understanding of the ‘gravity field’ is that gravity is quite literally an anti-field, the erasure of space, that being the attribute of a
divergent magnetic field. All of nature follows after pressure mediation, and the phenomena called gravity is mere dielectric
acceleration, plane and simple. To extrapolate further, however not here, these vectored force multipliers against the direction of
acceleration (i.e. ‘anti-gravity’) stops acceleration & inverts same. Its not more complex than this.
    “It is inconceivable that inanimate Matter should, without the mediation of something else, which is not material, operate upon, and
affect other matter without mutual contact. Gravity should be innate, inherent and essential to matter, so that one body may act upon
another at a distance thru a vacuum, without the mediation of any thing else, by and through which their action and course may be
conveyed from one to another, is to me so great an absurdity that I believe no man who has in philosophical matters a competent
faculty of thinking can ever fall into (for) it. Gravity must be caused by an agent acting constantly according to certain laws; but
whether this agent be material or immaterial, I have left to the consideration of my readers.” - Sir Isaac Newton, Letters to Bentley,
1692
    The “agent” is the medium, i.e. the Aether. Rest seeks rest, or as meaning the Aether seeks its own LEVEL which is rest, which is
the opposite of space. Space is pure impotency of energy, the necessitatively manifestation of the release of energy. Gravity is an anti-
field, specifically Aether-torsion. It is said that “nature abhors a vacuum” but the true meaning is that the Aether “hates torsion”. A
vacuum of energy (i.e. space), or the Aether necessitates matter mutually accelerate towards the lowest pressure-vector between both
(or more masses).
Hypotheses non fingo” ( I posit no hypothesis [as to what gravity is])-Newton
